---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/03-tutorials/slides-studio-plugin/01-01-getting-started/","title":"Getting Started","noteIcon":"default","created":"2025-06-22T22:20:51.752-04:00","updated":"2025-11-06T15:17:01.892-05:00"}
---


# System Setup

Download the required applications and plugins
- [Open Broadcast Studio](https://obsproject.com/) Free and Open Source software for video recording and live streaming. 
- [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) Free tool for organizing notes. 
	- [Slides Extended]( https://github.com/ebullient/obsidian-slides-extended) a plugin to create Reveal js slides in Markdown syntax
	- Slides Studio

## Installation

Use the installers for **OBS** and **Obsidian**.

**Slides Extended** is installed through the Obsidian Community plugin store.  
1. Open Obsidian and go to `Settings`.
2. Click on `Community Plugins`.
3. Make sure "Safe Mode" is turned off.
4. Click on `Browse`.
5. Search for `Slides Extended`.
6. Click `Install` on the `Slides Extended` plugin.
7. After installation, make sure to enable the plugin by toggling it on in the `Installed Plugins` section.

**Slides Studio** plugin has not been submitted to the Obsidian Community plugins yet.  
To manually install the plugin
1. Download the latest release from . 
2. In Obsidian, open your vault's root folder in your file explorer.
3. Navigate to the `.obsidian/plugins` directory. If it doesn't exist, create it.
	1. this folder is hidden in macOS, press 'command + shift + . ' to see it.
4. Extract the contents of the downloaded `.zip` file into a new folder within the `plugins` directory.
5. Copy the file `manifest.json` and `main.js`into the folder `slides-studio`.
6. Restart Obsidian or reload your vault.
7. Go to `Settings` > `Community Plugins` and make sure "Safe Mode" is turned off.
8. Click on `Browse` under `Community Plugins`, find `Obsidian Slides Studio`, and enable it.


